New project roles (#263)
keboola/connection-docs: management/project/users/index.md

    - permanently remove configurations in [Trash](/components/#delete-configuration),
    - create a new [orchestration](/orchestrator/), and
    - change the name, the schedule and the disabled status of an existing orchestration.
- **ReadOnly** -- the user can view all project data, but **cannot** do any of the following:
    - create, modify or delete configurations of [components](/components/), [orchestrations](/orchestrator/) and [transformations](/transformations/),
    - run any components, orchestrations and transformations,
    - import and modify data in the [storage](/storage/),
    - use [Data Catalog](/catalog/),
    - change project settings _(name, description, etc.)_,
    - delete the project,
    - manage users and
    - manage [API tokens](/management/project/tokens/).

>     _Note: The ReadOnly role is currently only available in the Azure region `north-europe`._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    _Note: The ReadOnly role is currently only available in the [Azure stack](https://help.keboola.com/overview/#stacks)

```
